Hi there!

Thanks for your support of my work.

The bonus files are here for those who want to go a bit further and do a bit more with the assets. Not all assets will have the same kind of bonus files. Here's a breakdown of what you may find:

SUBSTANCE PAINTER FILES
To customize the textures, use the Substance Painter files. These are large files, as mostly they're in 4k and have a lot of layers. I try hard to keep the organization clear so that it is easy to create new looks without getting to involved in Painter. Please check out these YouTube tutorials I've created:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-G4OuevblM
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o8Azx0aRRbM

CONCEPT ART
The concept art is usually presented in layers (Photoshop PSD file), so you can more easily customize the colors etc. Also, layers allows for removing body parts or wardrobe/weapons etc. These are presented in ultra-high resolution and are intended to be used on your website or in other marketing, if you so choose.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hPhaxpjnSA

ANIMATION RIG
The rig may have been made in Maya or 3DS Max. I don't think we've had any in other formats. For those who want to create or customize animations without using the rig, or where the rig is unavailable, I suggest checking out UMotion Community on the Asset Store, or Puppet 3D.

MUSIC STEMS
These are usually included in the main pack, but in some cases, may be in the Bonus download instead. Each stem is usually one or a few related instruments in the track. They are separated out so you can create your own mixes! Use the demo scene included with the character to export them easily.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OLhvu0Ddcl4

OTHER THINGS
In some cases there may be additional bonus files that are not too common.


NOTE: In some of my videos or other files, I may reference downloads from my site, www.InfinityPBR.com. Now that I am able to host bonus content on the Asset Store, I am slowly moving away from hosting it on my site, as it will save me a good amount of expense. Thanks for understanding!